this K&N air intake system is designed
to increase power and acceleration by
reducing restriction in the intake path
canon 63 - 307 9 air intake fits 2012
and 2013 chevy camaro zl1 with a 6.2
liter engine the 63 - 307 9 air intake
is not legal for highway use in
california or other states adopting
california emission standards check k
and filters comm for an up to date list
of models this air intake fits and for a
list of other carb adoption States
K&N power testing showed an estimated
power gain of 31 point 7 horsepower at
4,300 RPM with the 63 - 307 9 air intake
installed on a 2012 chevy camaro zl1
with a 6.2 liter engine actual results
will vary depending on the condition of
the vehicle mileage weather and other
variables with the air intake installed
we ran the vehicle on the dyno to test
the sound comparison verses the stock
intake
the intake system includes components
that have been designed or matched to
the needs of these vehicles to produce a
safe horsepower increase
detailed installation instructions are
included with this kit the tools needed
for this install are shown
turn off the ignition and disconnect the
negative battery cable disconnect the
mass air sensor electrical connection
disconnect the crankcase vent from the
intake tube
loosen the two hose clamps securing the
factory intake and then remove the
factory intake hose remove the two air
box mounting nuts remove the air box
from the vehicle
K&N recommends that customers do not
discard factory air intake install the
K&N mass air sensor adapter into the
heat shield and secure with the provided
hardware
install the heat shield mounting stud
onto the bottom of the heat shield
install the heat shield mounting bracket
onto the heat shield do not completely
tighten at this time install the
provided edge trim onto the heat shield
some trimming of the edge trim will be
necessary
remove the two screws securing the mass
air sensor into the factory air box and
then remove the sensor from the airbox
install the mass air sensor into the K&N
mass air sensor housing and secure with
the provided hardware install the heat
shield into the engine compartment so
the mounting stud inserts into the air
box mount grommet and the mounting
bracket installs onto the mounting stud
route the ground cable in front of the
mounting stud secure the heat shield
using a factory airbox mounting nut then
install the ground cable mounting lug
onto the stud
install the provided rubber grommet into
the K&N intake tube install the provided
hump hose onto the K&N intake tube and
secure with the provided hose clamp
install the provided silicone hose onto
the throttle body and secure with the
provided hose clamp
install the K&N intake tube assembly
into the silicone hose at the throttle
body and then install the hump hose onto
the mass air sensor housing secure the
tube with the provided hose clamps
install the provided crankcase vent
fitting into the grommet in the K&N
intake tube rotate the crankcase vent
fitting clockwise and then connect to
the fitting installed into the K&N
intake tube in the previous step it may
be helpful to warm up the fitting to
tube connection with hot water or a hair
dryer set on low heat to ease the
rotation of the fitting do not overheat
reconnect the mass air sensor electrical
connection
install the K&N air filter and secure
with the provided hose clamp
reconnect the vehicles negative battery
cable
double check to make sure everything is
tight and properly positioned before
starting the vehicle it will be
necessary for all K&N High Flow air
intake systems to be checked
periodically for realignment clearance
and tightening of all connections
failure to follow the above instructions
or proper maintenance may void warranty
K&N makes products for nearly every
vehicle on the road the K&N website
allows you to search products by vehicle
or dimension download installation
instructions view dyno charts showing
estimated horsepower gains for this
product and view product details for
information on where to buy K&N products
go to KN filters Comm